- While shift is being held, clicking an entity that is not selected
  should not deselect anything _else_ currently selected.

- While shift is being held, clicking an already selected entity
  should deselect it.

- Selection box doesn't properly erase itself when drawn over a moving
  sprite!

- Added a bit of code with regards to scaling, but need to think about
  how we'll scale sprite images as well as coordinates.

- Instead of _not_ drawing certain areas of the border, we'll just
  clear the spots under the doors... after some observation, it
  appears that's what FTL does, anyways (BG colored gaps to the left of
  some doors when sensors are down).

- Need to fix door loading... it appears to be loading correctly, but
  this is misleading because if a room ever contains 2 horizontal or 2
  vertical doors, we'll have 2 doors literally right on top of each
  other. This will become important when doing the pathfinding code.

- If we make all the tiles occupied by rooms passable, but make the
  more costly than the door tiles, the pathfinding should work and
  they should move between rooms only through the doors? I suppose
  this will require modifying GridMap slightly (the move_cost() method
  and the map which contains boolean values, we'll need at least 3
  values).

- Doors open and close automatically, although sometimes if the guy is
  too slow they will try to close and open again.

- Major problem with the move delays on the Person sprites. I'm not
  sure why, but I can't make them go any faster (short of moving them
  in increments of more than 1 pixel, which would be choppy). In
  earlier tests, drawing a smooth walk from one end of the screen to
  another was so fast as to almost be instantaneous, and the move
  delays should have reflected that. Now I'm taking them out and it's
  a normal walking pace. It must be something I'm missing, because why
  else would the animation speeds be affected by the delays? This
  needs immediate looking into. The different races need to have very
  well defined speeds. The human needs to be faster than my human, let
  alone the mantis!

- We need to change the way Persons move through the rooms. Instead of
  a destination tile, there needs to be a destination room. We also
  need to loop through all the Persons, count the ones that have the
  same destination room, and check if there's enough space before
  setting a path. If there is, pick arbitrary destination tiles within
  that room and send the selected Persons there.

- This code needs to be profiled to see where in the game loop we're
  taking up the most time.

- Player movement is MUCH faster in the original FTL. (This is
  partially resolved, player movement is tied to frames per
  second. I've temporarily increased the max FPS, but this is a really
  bad way to do it, I think, and I'll have to increase the increments
  with which the player X, Y are increased.

- Work on some kind of mouse-over highlighting system. For example, in
  the original FTL game the bounding box to click on a door is much
  larger, overlapping the players in some cases. But it seems as
  though player characters take priority in terms of which one is
  highlighted and therefore which one will be activated on mouse
  click.

- FTL doesn't actually order the sprites like I do and draw moving
  characters over idle characters! I guess I just imagined that. Not
  sure if I should remove it yet.

- Rooms are getting so many related methods in the Ship class that we
  might want to look into making it into its own class! The ship class
  will soon have more room-related things than ship-related.

- Rooms need to have a non-sensor mode of drawing where the contents
  are obscured.
